All right guys.
Now let's go ahead and create the next piece of our castle.
So I've created a new folder called the ark 4 and I'm going to create a new layer and there are going
to turn this tower off so we can see our sketch behind him.
And the first thing we'll do is we're going to draw out the shape of this little note you would call
it kind of looks like a house or a cottage or just going to trace that guy out
.
and then we are going to fill them with a gradient of that blue and that purple
now will add a new layer above that and we're going to trace out this roof
and we're going to fill that in with a gradient between this red and this orange.
We want it to go from orange to red like that.
So we do that right? looks good.
Now we're going to add a new layer and using this light orange using a brush tool with a hard edge.
We're going to click hold down shift and click and we'll do that once more click hold down shift and
click.
Now we're going to using our race we're told we're going to race the unwanted areas
like so
and we are going to grab that layer and nudge it up just a bit.
Now we're going to add a layer beneath that and we're going to create a shape like that and we're going
to fill that in with this red
.
Now we're going to create a doorway so I add a new layer and we'll create a shape with our Lasso tool
that is shaped like a door.
Then we're going to fill that in with this dark blue
and we're going to select our first shape and then press control shift I to invert the selection and
then we're going to press delete to delete that little area down there.
Next we are going to select our doorway shape then using our brush and selecting this color.
We're going to create a straight line there.
I mean make that a bit thicker there and there.
Now lastly we're going to add to our tapestry to the top or the peak of our roof.
So add a new layer and we want it to be behind all of our roof layers using our elliptical tool.
We're going to create an oval and we're going to fill that in with our other green tapestry color so
we'll turn this guy back on and we're going to select these two colors.
We'll turn it back off and then we'll go ahead and fill we want to start with the darker color.
Add a new layer fill with the wider.
Add a new layer and fill it the darker and we're going to shrink them down
shrink to the next layer down.
Make sure your unselected out of him and select the next layer and we'll shrink him down.
Then merge those layers
then we're going to rotate them and resize them like so
then we're going to select the shape of that layer add a new layer drag it underneath and it will fill
that shapen with a dark blue.
Then we're going to nudge him over like so then we'll turn down the opacity about there is good that
will merge those two layers then we'll erase out this unwanted area.
And you've just created your fourth part to your castle